---
layout: post
title: Paper Summary Automatic Curricullum Learning 
---
### Paper: Automatic Curriculum Learning
### Authors: Alex Graves et al
### Link:

*Summary*
1. Introduction of concept of reinforcement learning for curriculum learning.
2. The paper introduces many new loss functions for defining the progress of learning.
3. The paper experiments with the Babi dataset, N-gram data modelling task and the 
Repeat copy task. The paper explains why certain reward gain functions perform better than other's on specific task.

### What is Curriculum Learning and Why is the problem Hard?
I think the problem of desiging curricullum is pretty intutive. A child first learns
alpabets of englist language before understanding and combining these letter to create words and then combining words to create sentences. This is the same principle that we want to introduce for Neural Networks.

I would like to explain Curriclulum Learning using a very simple example of additionof 2 numbers using LSTM. In the addition of 2 n digits numbers if the lstm first learns addition of  1 digits numbers and then moves on  2 digits numbers and so on....
we can see better generalisation errors for the whole task.

#### Insert Code Here
---
*Curriculum learning is an important problem* that we need to solve since only then we can achive better generalisation error. In the previous example we had intutive sense that when adding 2 digits numbers we should move from lower digits number to higher digits numbers. The problem with finding currilum can basically be grouped into the following 
1. Forgetting: Suppose LSTM learns to add 2 digits numbers. But when LSTM add 2 numbers it can be seen that the LSTM utilises all of its internal memory rather than utilising a part of it's memory. So, when you add 10 digits number the memory now holdsinformation regarding how to add 10 digits numbers in effect forgetting what it had learnt before.
2. Quantifying Easiness of Task: In the previous example it is easy to see that adding 2 1 digits number is a easier task than adding 2 n digits numbers. But this is not always true. Suppose you want to design a curriculum for classification of animals should we first present mamals and then non-mamals or should we go for aquatic and land animal. 
3. Progress: There is no easy measure to learn that we have adequately learnt on task x and we should move to task y.
---
### Definations
Target Sequences: \\( b^1, b^2, b^3, ...., b^n \\)
<br>
Input Sequences: \\( a^1, a^2, a^3, ...., a^n \\)
